Fix README falsely claiming browser support doesn't work (#118)
mathiasbynens/punycode.js: README.md

This project was [bundled](https://github.com/joyent/node/blob/master/lib/punycode.js) with Node.js from [v0.6.2+](https://github.com/joyent/node/compare/975f1930b1...61e796decc) until [v7](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/7941) (soft-deprecated).

> This project provides a CommonJS module that uses ES6 features and an ES module, which work in modern Node versions and browsers. For the old version that offers the same functionality in a UMD build with support for older pre-ES6 runtimes, including Rhino, Ringo, and Narwhal, see [v1.4.1](https://github.com/bestiejs/punycode.js/releases/tag/v1.4.1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project provides a CommonJS module that uses ES2015+ features and JavaScript module, which work in modern Node.js versions and browsers. For the old Punycode.js version that offers the same functionality in a UMD build with support for older pre-ES2015 runtimes, including Rhino, Ringo, and Narwhal, see [v1.4.1](https://github.com/bestiejs/punycode.js/releases/tag/v1.4.1).
```

> This project provides a CommonJS module that uses ES6 features and an ES6 module, which work in modern Node versions and browsers. For the old version that offers the same functionality in a UMD build with support for older pre-ES6 runtimes, including Rhino, Ringo, and Narwhal, see [v1.4.1](https://github.com/bestiejs/punycode.js/releases/tag/v1.4.1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This project provides a CommonJS module that uses ES6 features and an ES module, which work in modern Node versions and browsers. For the old version that offers the same functionality in a UMD build with support for older pre-ES6 runtimes, including Rhino, Ringo, and Narwhal, see [v1.4.1](https://github.com/bestiejs/punycode.js/releases/tag/v1.4.1).
```
